During Sprint 2, I created the majority of the functioning UI and the core of the project itself. I created the user authentication system and the network-note system with real-time updates.

Initially, I created a basic text editor function so that I could test the user authentication system properly. Once I was able to create the user authentication and make sure that it properly worked, I then started to change the text editor into the network note system so that you could create multiple nodes and edges in a graph (notes and links between notes). Each node is draggable so you can re-arrange the nodes in a shape that you like and are all interactive so everything updates in real time. I added a menu dropdown button on the left side so that you are able to create notes and links through there as well as log out from there. 

You can also edit each note by clicking the node in the graph, changing the note's content, and hitting save. You can also delete a node or an edge (the links between notes) by either clicking the note and clicking delete or clicking the edge and hitting "unlink."  I also transferred PostgreSQL to Neon so that the database was shareable and usable by the entire team.

The biggest challenges that I had were with the actual graph itself and the drop-down menu buttons. The graph and components of the graph were not aligned with each other or would keep overlapping each other and I was not originally sure as to why they would do that. To fix the overlapping, I set each individual part to separate colors to figure out if there were overlaps and there were; to fix this I simply had to change the z-levels of certain parts and it was able to fix itself. The buttons were also misaligned so I had to change the ratios of their width and height. Another issue I faced is that clicking a node at a certain point did not actually open the note that was supposed to be corresponding to it; the issue was that the event bindings were incorrect and they weren't referencing their note IDs. Once I was able to fix that, then they started to work properly and open up their notes.

I learned about managing React state so that I was able to make everything update in real-time- originally you would have to refresh the page for updates to show but after learning states properly, I was able to make it so everything would update as soon as you did it and that was the biggest takeaway from this sprint. Another thing I learned how to do was to better troubleshoot simple CSS issues like overlapping which was done by the color setting to figure out what was there. I also learned how to improve basic UI elements so that everything flowed better together.

I feel like the two things that could have been improved were the time management and the actual organization of my code. Due to the group and me barely working on the previous Sprint, I was in a time crunch for the first few days of this Sprint to really push out the functions of the previous Sprint and then work on the rest of the Sprint 2 in a much shorter time frame. This resulted in my second issue, which is the fact that my code was not organized as well as I wanted it to be. Many parts became bloated and would have worked better if they were smaller and in a more organized method, which I will be able to do with more time.

