During Sprint 1, my primary contribution to the project was to create the foundation of our project by settings up both the frontend and the backend and I linked the two together. I set up the frontend of our project using React with TypeScript. I set up the backend of our project using Node.js with Express.js to keep the project as a full stack Typescsript. By keeping both the frontend and backend ass TypeScript, it allowed me to keep everything consistent and lessens the amount of mutual coding that other people in the group would have to learn. I also integrated the frontend with the backend, which allows the two to communicate properly so that they would function together. While the UI was not created at this point, I set up the groundwork for the entire project. 
I also originally had to learn about TypeScript as well since while I had done some work in TypeScript before, I was not well versed enough in it to be able to create a project on it so I had to go look at some videos and do a course on TypeScript to further my understanding of the language so that I could properly use it in this project.
My biggest challenge for the first Sprint was to actually connect the backend and the frontend properly. I kept running into CORS issues, which means that there was issues trying to connect the frontend with the backend due to API request issues. The backend was running off of localhost:5000 whereas the frontend was running on localhost:3000. By default, browsers block the requests due to security reasons - so to overcome the issue I had to enable CORS in the backend (in index.ts) through cors middleware. This allowed for the frontend to communicate with the backend properly. Another issue was to make sure I complied with TypeScript's strict type-checking. It made me have to re-check my code multiple times due to me not realizing the errors I would make in my code. However, this resulted in a better "program correctness," making it easier in the long term for issues. The last issue I faced was dependency issues in the backend due to version conflicts; however, this was easily fixed through editing tsconfig.json.
Throughout the first sprint, I learned a lot more about TypeScript by not only watching videos and learning through courses, I also learned about it through actual implementation of the language in the coding that I had to do. I learned how to properly work with Express.js and connect it to a React frontend and handle both of them simultaneously. I also learned better debugging skills since I had to figure out what went wrong as the issues came up and go back into the code to find the errors and fix them.
An area for improvement that I could have done was better time management. While Sprint 1 was supposed to be due at March 3rd, due to an oversight from the team, we did not realize that it was due on March 3rd and instead thought it was due on March 9th. As a result of this, we spent most of the sprint trying to learn the language and watching tutorials on the language instead of being able to evenly allocate our time into learning it and them actually developing an interface and a working demo for the project. We only had a bare-bones minimum version of the connectedd front end and the backend. For the next sprint, I will make sure that the steps for our sprint are a lot more organized and in a better time-mannered sense so that we do not have to do everything on the last day and instead do it evenly throughout the entire sprint.
